--- Page 1 ---
Why Choose 
Cavalier Homes 
Goulburn Valley?
www.cavalierhomes.com.au

--- Page 2 ---

--- Page 3 ---
Building with Cavalier Homes  
means you get to deal with  
locals that are in the know.
--- Page 4 ---
At every chance we provide support 
and knowledge for the people 
associated with Cavalier Homes. 
Here are 22 reason why you’ll love building with Cavalier Homes...
Cavalier Homes owners Scott and Jason 
work in our local office daily and are 
both qualified builders with over 60 
years combined experience. All our customers have the opportunity to work  
with the owners through the whole process of their new home from initial pricing, contract appointment and 
throughout the construction. This 
provides a personalised service with  
no distant head office mentality. 
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Our company motto is Real Homes… 
Real People and having the owners 
working in the business gives you real peace of mind when you choose to 
build with Cavalier Homes.Cavalier Homes can deliver you 
genuine value for money by being locally owned but supported by the 
buying power and systems of a large 
franchise network. All our advertised 
prices are “real” and include an 
extensive range of standard inclusions with quality features and benefits that 
give you lasting value for money. Some 
other builders advertise unrealistic low prices and promotions to get people in 
the door and then charge excessively 
for minor variations afterwards. We invite you to compare our inclusions against 
what other builders offer to ensure you 
know exactly what is standard and what is not. 
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Cavalier Homes buying power delivers 
great value for money and helps  you 
to achieve a better quality home with more inclusions.1. 2. SECURITY OF DEALING  
WITH THE OWNERS OF  THE BUSINESSVALUE FOR MONEY
--- Page 5 ---

--- Page 6 ---
Cavalier Homes have a large range of floor plans and 
inclusions that can be tailored to your needs. Our 
professional sales team can help you incorporate your 
own design ideas into our standard plans or create your own custom designed home. 
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Cavalier Homes offers the convenience of our own 
designs with flexibility in the design process. 3. WIDE VARIETY OF HOUSE DESIGNS
Outdoor
Living
5.2 x 3.8
Meals
3.0 x 5.5Family
5.0 x 5.5
Kitchen
Bed 1
3.7 x 3.6Bed 4
3.0 x 3.1Bed 3
3.0 x 3.2Bed 2
3.0 x 3.2
WCWC
Bath
Robe Robe
RobeL’Dry
Garage
6.0 x 5.7Retreat
3.7 x 4.2
Entry
PorchEns W.I.R.W.I.L.
W.I.P.

--- Page 7 ---
Cavalier Homes display homes showcase the latest in design and 
decorative trends. Our display homes are built in a way to reflect our 
inclusions which makes it easier for our home buyers to understand 
what they are really getting for their money.
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
It is a great advantage in being able see what you are buying and 
have a sales consultant walk through the homes with you to explain the features and benefits.4. DISPLAY HOMES
--- Page 8 ---
Cavalier Homes have a state of the art 
colour selection centre which is locally 
available. A specialist colour consultant 
assists every client with external & internal 
finishes. This is just another way we make 
it easier to build your new home.
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Colours and electrical are all done before 
the building contract is completed. This 
assures you that everything is included 
in the final price before signing the fixed price building contract.5. LOCAL COLOUR  
SELECTION CENTRE

--- Page 9 ---
Cavalier Homes offer a free finance 
service with a speedy turn around 
time through RFS finance. RFS finance 
advisors specialise in construction loans 
and have a large choice of lenders 
with over 26 on their panel. Fast pre 
-approvals helps you to move to the 
next step in establishing your buying 
capacity for your new Cavalier Home. 
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
RFS helps take the hassles out of 
organising your finance for your new 
home by finding the correct lender to 
suit your circumstances.6. FINANCE
RFS is a financial services 
company, offering a breadth 
and depth of financial products, 
including Finance Broking and Credit related services, Risk 
Insurance, Financial Planning 
and Superannuation. The RFS team are specialists, guiding 
businesses and individuals to 
find and secure a financial solution that is tailored to their 
circumstances and goals.
Visit www.rfsfinance.com.au/
Finance/Home-Loans
From the expert advice and 
ideas, to the final delivery of 
your home, you not only get 
great value for money our 
clients receive a service level 
beyond expectations.
--- Page 10 ---
We are rock solid, dependable 
and consistent. Starting with 
our people, system, to our 
communication, to our buildings 
we can be relied upon.
--- Page 11 ---
Where possible Cavalier Homes use 100% local trades and suppliers 
in the local areas in which we build in. We use only the best trades 
and suppliers to ensure a quality home that is also built to an 
efficient and reliable time line. 
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
The money stays within the community that you live in and helps 
supports the local businesses and families.CAVALIER HOMES SUPPORTS LOCAL  
TRADES & SUPPLIERS7.
--- Page 12 ---
Cavalier Homes include an M-D soil 
type in our house base prices which is 
a higher soil classification than most of 
our competitors who all include an M class (Moderately reactive clay in a dry 
temperate zone). Given locally known 
soil conditions in the Goulburn Valley very few soil types are M class. Builders 
who base their foundation price on M 
class classifications only have an 85mm top slab thickness. Cavalier Homes 
have a 100mm top slab thickness on 
all homes to give added support and strength to your home.   
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
By basing our soil classification on 
an M-D slab we can give you a more 
accurate costing up front before soil tests and surveys are completed. This 
helps to minimise additional site costs.8. FOUNDATIONS   
M-D VERSE M CLASS

--- Page 13 ---
Cavalier Homes engage local engineers 
to design your slab to suit the local 
climatic and soil type conditions. Some 
other builders engage city engineers who aren’t local so they aren’t as 
familiar with our conditions. 
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Better designed slab to suit local 
conditions.9. LOCAL ENGINEERS WHO 
UNDERSTAND LOCAL CLIMATIC CONDITIONS DESIGNING YOUR HOME 
Timber frames & trusses is the most 
used product for framing throughout 
Australia as opposed to steel frames. 
There is less noise in a timber frame than a steel frame due to expansion and 
contraction. We space our studs on 
load bearing walls at 450 centres.  
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Termite resistant stronger and straighter 
frames built to last the test of time. 10.  TIMBER FRAME  
& TRUSSESWe are real locals, honest, 
loyal, fun and we act in your 
best interests.
Cavalier Homes prefer to use T2 termite 
treated timber frame 
and trusses
 to assist 
in the prevention of 
termites to the entire 
structural integrity  
of the home.

--- Page 14 ---
Most other builders charge extra to go 
from a tiled roof to a Colorbond roof. A 
Colorbond roof is lighter in weight than 
a tiled roof which means that it puts less roof load and stress on the structure of 
the home. An average tiled roof could 
weigh approximately 40 tonnes as 
opposed to a Colorbond roof weighing 
only approximately 2 tonnes. As cement  
tiled roofs get older they tend to lose 
their sheen and become more porous 
which can add extra weight to the roof in wet conditions. Colorbond roofs 
have a 25-year structural guarantee 
and a 36 year colour fade guarantee. The Colorbond roof is screwed down 
protecting you from severe storm and 
wind damage while most tiled roofs are not screwed down when they are laid. 
This also makes it more difficult for an 
intruder to try break into your home.  
The strength of a Colorbond roof means 
you can walk on it without fear of it 
cracking where a tiled roof can crack. There is a large colour range to choose 
from with up to 22 standard colours. 
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
The Colorbond roof will minimise roof 
leaks and ongoing maintenance and will look good for many years to come. 
Colorbond roofs are more suitable 
for catching rain water as they don’t become porous and absorb water run 
off as tiles do. Screwed down Colorbond 
roofs give you added security as it is harder for an intruder to break in. It is 
also nice being able to listen to the rain 
on your roof on a stormy night. Cavalier Homes have full sarking to the 
underside of the Colorbond roofing to 
prevent any condensation leakage onto the ceiling plaster. We believe that this 
is an essential product that should be 
used in conjunction with a Colorbond 
roof. Most other builders charge extra 
for sarking.
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Sarking adds extra insulation and aids in 
preventing condensation and moisture 
from entering the roof space.11. 12. COLORBOND ROOFING  SARKING TO 
COLORBOND ROOF

--- Page 15 ---
Cavalier Homes use steel battens to the 
entire plaster ceiling of all our homes. 
The steel ceiling battens are clipped, 
not directly fixed, to the roof truss and 
are set at the correct height by using 
a laser level. This ensures a flat ceiling and straight cornice line. By using steel 
ceiling battens this will minimise any 
cracking to plaster joins, nail popping, cracking to cornice or corner junctions. 
Most builders don’t offer this in their 
standard inclusions.
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Minimises plaster movement and 
maintenance issues to the ceilings.13. STEEL CEILING BATTENS 
TO PLASTER CEILING  
TO THE ENTIRE HOME
All Cavalier Homes 
come with Colorbond 
roofing as standard. We 
believe that Colorbond roofing is a superior roof 
cladding compared to a 
cement tiled roof. 

--- Page 16 ---
We love change, breaking new 
ground and raising the bar.  
We motivate and inspire each 
other to continually improve.
--- Page 17 ---
Cavalier Homes use steel lintels and 
brickwork above all windows, sliding 
doors (up to 3.6m wide) and garage 
rather than fibre cement infills.
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Better visual appearance and no 
ongoing maintenance issues such  
as painting.
Cavalier Homes have flyscreens and 
flywire doors to all openings (except front door and garage hinged or  
sliding door). Not all builders offer this  
as standard.
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Keeps out unwanted pests.
Cavalier Homes supply key locks to all 
windows and sliding doors.
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Added security to your home and 
lockable windows and sliding doors  
can help with insurance costs.BRICKS OVER ALL  
WINDOWS, SLIDING  DOORS & GARAGE
FLYSCREENS AND  
FLYWIRE DOORS
WINDOWS &   
SLIDING DOORS14.
15.
16.

--- Page 18 ---
Cavalier Homes use a three coat paint system to all of our homes. 
Some other builders only use a two coat system.
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
The third coat system gives you better paint coverage with a larger 
selection to choose from.THREE COAT PAINT SYSTEM TO WALLS  
& CEILINGS THROUGH ENTIRE HOME17.
--- Page 19 ---

--- Page 20 ---
Cavalier Homes offer obscure glazed 
to all wet areas as standard. Most other 
builders only offer clear glazed windows 
and charge extra for obscure.
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Better privacy in the wet areas  
of the home
Cavalier Homes supply and install  
towel rails, soap and toilet roll holders  
so that they are ready for you when 
you move in. Amazingly most volume 
builders don’t supply these items in  
their standard inclusions. 
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Convenience of not having to run 
around after handover to buy and  
install these items at an extra cost.OBSCURE GLAZED  
WINDOWS TO WET  AREAS
 TOWEL RAILS, SOAP &  
TOILET ROLL HOLDERS18.
19.

--- Page 21 ---
Cavalier Homes have privacy locks to 
your ensuite, bathroom and toilet as 
a standard. Some other builders don’t 
offer this as a standard inclusion. 
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Privacy locks save embarrassment by 
offering privacy.
Cavalier Homes have door stops to all 
hinged doors as standard. Some other 
building companies either don’t have 
them or use stick on stops that are located on the painted walls. 
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Protects walls and doors.
Cavalier Homes bathrooms and  
ensuites all feature drawers in vanities  
as standard. Other builders only offer 
doors a their standard. 
BENEFITS FOR YOU:  
Better use of storagePRIVACY LOCKS TO  
BATHROOM, WC &  ENSUITE DOORS
 DOOR STOPS
DRAWERS IN VANITIES20.
21.
22.

--- Page 22 ---
Lauren Varapodio had specific ideas for the home she 
wanted and it was Cavalier Homes that helped achieve 
them.
Built with a homestead look, the house needed design 
elements that catered for a family member with a 
disability and Lauren spent hours researching exactly 
what she needed.
“ I was looking for a homestead look – I didn’t want 
a modern-looking house and I also didn’t want it to 
look like a modified home, but everything needed 
accessibility,” she said.
“ It was at least six months before I found Cavalier Homes 
– I saw the floor plan and it was exactly what I was 
looking for.”
The finished home features four bedrooms, two 
bathrooms, two large living areas and double garage, 
as well as many non-standard elements, such as large 
hallways and wide doors to allow for wheelchair access, 
a custom designed kitchen and a gas log fire with a 
mantelpiece and custom-made cabinets.
Lauren praised the customer service and industry 
knowledge that Cavalier Homes provided through  
the building experience.
“ The service and can-do attitude was fantastic – they 
really understood what I wanted and they gave a lot of 
good advice that I’m glad I took,” she said.
“ I love the house, there’s not a thing that I regret. They 
went the extra length and all the decisions were made 
before the building started. It was exciting to watch it all 
come together.
“ There’s a high level of professionalism in the team, no 
matter who you talk to – they’re honest and upfront with 
everything.”
LAUREN VARAPODIO
The true sign of how well a builder is performing can be found by listening to what our 
clients are saying about us. Below are some Goulburn Valley Testimonials and we also 
invite you to visit productreview.com.au  and see what our clients are saying about 
Cavalier Homes Goulburn Valley.TESTIMONIALS & PRODUCT REVIEWS 23.
“ The service and can-do 
attitude was fantastic – 
they really understood 
what I wanted and 
they gave a lot of good 
advice that I’m glad  
I took,” she said.
--- Page 23 ---
Word of mouth led Yvonne Groves to Cavalier Homes, 
resulting in an abode perfect for visiting family and 
grandchildren.
The home boasts four bedrooms and a master bedroom 
with ensuite, as well as study, living room and bathroom, 
all on a large block in Kyabram.
“ Friends of my daughter got on well with Cavalier so 
my daughter and I went to the display home in the 
Boulevard to have a look,” Yvonne said.
“ We came up with this house from the plans. Everything 
was taken care of quickly and effectively and they 
checked all my worries out to make sure I was happy 
with my home.”
The process moved quickly once the plan had been 
settled on – Yvonne then worked with the girls at 
cavalier to decide on colours for her home and not long 
after, construction began.
“ The girls out there really helped me out with the colours 
and the sub-contractors and everyone Cavalier employs 
were just fantastic,” Yvonne said.
The house was finished by the deadline set in the 
contract and Yvonne said Cavalier were quick to 
fix any problems that came up at the three month 
maintenance stage.
YVONNE GROVES
“ Everything was taken 
care of quickly and 
effectively and they 
checked all my worries 
out to make sure I was 
happy with my home.”
--- Page 24 ---
After seeing the standard of Cavalier Homes Goulburn 
Valley’s display homes, Corey and Amber Vanderwerf 
felt it was an easy decision when it came to building 
their new family home.
Choosing the Ashley 24 design with four bedrooms and 
two living areas meant there was plenty of room for kids 
Aiden and Chloe, and upgrades such as extending the 
kitchen bench, adding cupboard space and upgrading 
to evaporative cooling and ducted heating created the 
perfect home.
Amber said it was clear from the start that Cavalier 
Homes Goulburn Valley offered a high level of service.
“ I liked their inclusions and the standard finish of their 
homes,” she said.
“ When we had a problem, they fixed it straight away.”
Corey said their new home was built in a timely fashion 
and they were always kept in the loop.
“ We wanted something the family could grow up in and 
be comfortable in,” he said.
“ Once the build started, the speed was amazing. 
Everyone at Cavalier was so friendly and helpful.  
The process was easy, we didn’t have to do anything –  
it just happened.
“ Courtney in particular was great – every time we had a 
question, she’d get the answer for us.
“ We’ve already recommended Cavalier to other people 
and one of our friends is now building with them as well.”
COREY & AMBER VANDERWERF
“ Everyone at Cavalier was 
so friendly and helpful.  
The process was easy, 
we didn’t have to 
do anything – it just 
happened.”
--- Page 25 ---
John and Domenica took their time to make sure their 
family home would be perfect.
After looking through display homes and narrowing down 
a shortlist of builders, they chose Cavalier Homes to work 
on a plan that would fit with their block of land in Kialla.
“ It was a pretty long and drawn out process – this was 
the second plan,” John said.
“ Jason spent a fair bit of time with us, designing off our 
original plan, which was a bit too big. We left it for 
another year, then went back to it and had another go – 
Cavalier were happy to spend time with us and work on 
that last plan and that’s what really locked it in for us.”
The spacious home features four bedrooms and two 
bathrooms, along with a living room and kitchen and 
family areas. Domenica said it was a perfect family home 
and Cavalier had taken the time to make sure it was what 
the client wanted.
“ We had three or four meetings on-site here with Bob, Jason 
and Scott as it was being built and we were able to say 
what we did and didn’t like,” she said.
“ They were great – if it wasn’t Scott who came out, it 
would be Bob or Jason. There was always someone 
there to answer our questions.”
John said Cavalier continued to check in with them after 
the home was completed and were always available to 
help if any problems came up.
“ We’d certainly recommend them to other people who 
are looking to build a home,” he said.
JOHN & DOMENICA
“ There was always 
someone there to answer 
our questions.”
--- Page 26 ---
CAVALIER HOMES OTHER BUILDER A OTHER BUILDER B
Added security of dealing with 
owners of the business
Local colour selection centre
Fixed price contracts
Local trades and local suppliers
M-D soil classification included in house type
100mm slab thickness
Local engineers who understand local climatic conditions designing your home
T2 treated house frame and trusses
Colorbond roofing
Sarking to underside of roof
Plaster battens to entire home
Brickwork over all windows and sliding doors
Flyscreens and flydoors
Three coat paint system to walls and ceilings through entire home
Obscure glazed windows to wet areas
Towel rails and toilet roll holders
DoorstopsCAVALIER HOMES   
KEY POINTS OF DIFFERENCE
--- Page 27 ---
We love what we do. In many cases 
we are  building peoples dreams,  
so we have a ball along  the way. 
--- Page 28 ---
Display Home 03 5823 6082
www.cavalierhomes.com.au

